1)  Issue resloved Reagrding the Backspace when a Otp Fields are Empty
2)  Refactoring Ui for a login Screen to a Present Praposal
3)   Changeed the Requiremnts in a  terms & Conditions Page till the Present Praposal Page 
4)   Started Working on a Exposure Screen (Added a radio Butoon and Next and back Button With onClick navigate)

1) TagPicker with dropdown Issue Resloved 
2) Checkbox Onoption Select Function added ,
3) Tagpicker with Dropdown  OnSelectOption Added to get Data that we are Selectig 
4) Same for the Radi
5)  added and Format Validation for a GSTIN tagpicker on Eye Btn 






CREATE ORGANIZATION AND ALL ORANIZATION BUGS
1. Create organization 
      1. validation border and icon for pan and GST 
	  2. cross icon position 
	  3. Dropdown option border color
	     -- Dropdown gap in selector and option
	     -- Dropdown  multi-select option checkbox color 
		 -- after multi-select in dropdown input space between in selected option 
	  4. scroll in dropdown 
	        -- scroll behavior it should be transparent 
	   5. font-size and font family 
2. All organization 
        1. Table issue 
		     -- no sorting for proposal 
			 -- background color for delete option 
			 -- table is empty then sorting dropdown visibility not working 
			 --  sorting dropdown position 
			 -- proposal count in not working 

3. Navbar behavior
       1. user name is to long then how to manage
 
4. In side menu Dashboard option is Disable 



If OTP is not valid then display OTP error message and all 4 boxes should be in red


*  font , FontFamily for a Read Conditions in a Login Screen...
 
*  In forgot password Screen Back to Login  Space Adjustment....
 
*  passoword Dosnot Match donot Show Toast ,  only  Show red  border color and pass a message that password dosnot match....
 
   * Toaster Should Come When a Password Dosnot Match....   ----> In New Password Screen....
 
*   Toaster Should Not Come for a Success in Set Password Successfully Screen....
 
*   Delete icon in a Oranization Table.....
 
*   Hover Property in a heading Section in a organization table.....
 
*   White backgroundColor in a Content of a table....
 
*   FontWeight for a  Dropdown in a Organization  Model
 
*   BorderRadius  in a Organization Model.....
 
*   Alignment in a Organization Model....
 
*   Star and Cursor in a Organization Table....
 
*  Alignment of a green tick logo and a star is not align in one line....
 
*  edit and delete button width should be decrease....
 
*  green tick and a org status bar alignment in a vertical ....
 
*  Alignment in a list of the propsal......
 
   *  First Letter Captial in a List of a propsal header.... consistency....
 
   *  Content on a Organization Context Section....
 
*  Stepper Should be ByDefault Open when we go on that particular section....
 
 
* In a List Propsal When we Click on a particular list then it should go to Present Propsal and reference Name should be displayed......
 
 
*  in List of a propsal it should be last updated in a header list last column....
 
*   When we click on it it should go to last updated pagse....
 
*   Propsal Code Should be Present in a Present Propsal section and edit icon should be in a edit mode now....
 
 
*  Add facility table should not be a Dummy Data  if there is no Data then display no data....
 
 
*  Error in a Dropdown Content Opening while Scrolling background Screen also scroll....
 
*  Scroll should be Occur in a  that Section in a Add Facility of a sublimit....
 
 
*  API Issue for  a  add  data in add facility for a  Add Facility  model....

s
 
*   BorderRadius  in a Organization Model.....
 
*   Alignment in a Organization Model....
 
*  Scroll should be Occur in a  that Section in a Add Facility of a sublimit....